Add downsampling notes to plot documentation (#277)
foxglove/docs: docs/3-visualization/4-panels/plot.md

See the [Javascript Math](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Math) documentation for more details.

## Reference lines

To add a reference line at a constant value in a plot panel, add a series and set the message path to the constant value you would like plotted.

![plot with reference value](/img/docs/visualization/panels/plot/reference-plot.webp)

## Downsampling

To improve performance, the Plot panel will downsample data when points are too dense to meaningfully display.

### Timestamp mode

> In timestamp mode, the Plot panel will downsample data using a min/max/first/last downsampling algorithm. This downsampling will preserve extremes so even when downsampled, the plot will still show the highest and lowest values for each time period. The points kept during downsampling will always be from the original data, downsampling does not interpolate or create new points.

Reviewer: Is "Timestamp mode" something that the user would intuitively know about? Should we change this to say "When using a timestamp for the x-axis" or "when plotting a timeseries". 

Timestamp mode feels over-specific to the degree that I feel like I would've missed a setting above, when in reality it just means you're plotting a timeseries

Reviewer: Would this section also include when using indices on the x-axis?

Author: These "modes" are mentioned here: https://d4722b64.foxglove-docs.pages.dev/docs/visualization/panels/plot/#x-axis

I could not think of a better word to refer to them. I could say "When using" but that felt like a lot for the section title - are you suggesting that be the first sentence?

> In timestamp mode, the Plot panel will downsample data using a min/max/first/last downsampling algorithm. This downsampling will preserve extremes so even when downsampled, the plot will still show the highest and lowest values for each time period. The points kept during downsampling will always be from the original data, downsampling does not interpolate or create new points.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In timestamp mode, the Plot panel will downsample data using a min/max/first/last downsampling algorithm. This downsampling will preserve extremes so even when downsampled, the plot will still show the highest and lowest values for each time period. The points kept during downsampling will always be from the original data — downsampling does not interpolate or create new points.
```

> When data is downsampled the plot display will automatically hide the "dots" for your data and only show lines. You can zoom until you see dots indicating you are seeing un-downsampled original data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When data is downsampled, the Plot panel will automatically hide the dots for your data and only show lines. You can zoom until you see dots indicating you are seeing the full original data.
```

> ### Path modes (Scatterplot)

Reviewer: I feel similarly about the use of `mode` here. Maybe these sections should be titled "Plotting against time" and "Plotting against message values"?

Author: Whatever we decide I think it should match up somewhat closely to the docs here: https://d4722b64.foxglove-docs.pages.dev/docs/visualization/panels/plot/#x-axis

In path modes, the Plot panel will use different downsampling approaches depending on the "Show lines" setting for the series.

If the series does not have lines enabled, downsampling will remove points which occur at the same pixel location as other points. The rendered plot will look the same as one with no downsampling.

> If the series has lines enabled, downsampling will preserve the shape of the data and only downsample datums which would not alter the shape. When data is downsampled the plot display will automatically hide the "dots" for your data and only show lines. You can zoom until you see dots indicating you are seeing un-downsampled original data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the series has lines enabled, downsampling will preserve the shape of the data and only remove points which would not alter the shape. When data is downsampled, the Plot panel will automatically hide the dots for your data and only show lines. You can zoom until you see dots indicating you are seeing the full original data.
```
